yo what's going on guys each answer your
collective kick Stallman you bring guys
this week's throwback Thursday video and
I figured I'd bring it back to a couple
years ago on YouTube figured this would
be a fun one for you guys and for myself
to kind of reminisce about and kind of
segue it hopefully into something coming
up but basically if you guys remember
this board that's I have back here this
coors light board says DJ s on it there
was an individual that got me that along
with this pair of sneakers right here
for Christmas and so let's get into this
and show you guys this is a game royal
lebron 9 lows and really crazy kind of
cool iridescent look and that kind of
looks like I mean obviously like Laker
colorways which is rad but the LeBron Lo
has such a comfortable like ridiculous
like air-sole on these things these
things are super super quick push but
the thing that threw me off was how this
whole thing went down so really is just
a humbling fun experience and I wanted
to just bring this up now because I want
to know what's going to happen maybe for
this year if there's going to be a
secret santa thing happening if you guys
don't know what that is I'm going to try
to link this video in the description
you guys will see me doing the unbox
into this it was such a fun experience
but but these ones are from yo auntie
UNT is the one that did the board
obviously most you guys know who UNT is
by now but back then I didn't know who
he was and it was two years ago
Christmastime and I ended up doing the
unboxing and you remember a name like yo
auntie it's just a funny name sort of
like for me I was I was like yo auntie
like my aunt and uncle like yo auntie
because I couldn't pronounce it like
reading it I was reading it for the
first time not hearing it so it was a
little bit different right so it was
difficult for me to figure that part of
it out but easily one of the most
likable guys on YouTube just a super
friendly guy really positive all the
time and just a just a very cordial
cordial dude in his letter to me was
really like dope and the fact that he
made this board like back here you could
see the Coors Light and then the name is
in orange if you guys know anything
about me like outside against of
sneakers or I guess I mean most you guys
know the orange from like some of my
sneakers and stuff Oregon State
alumni so go beavs but also i love Coors
Light and so the fact that that kind of
meshed together and he made a little
bored thing I have to be honest i Ont
beauty in this video I almost threw this
board away dude like because I was
moving to the new house and we were
trying to downsize and get rid of all
these things and I'm packing everything
up and I almost threw this away I had it
in the dump pile and I was taking it to
the dump of I has taken to the dump that
sounded pretty professional but I was I
was taking all the trash to the dump and
I had this in that group and then I
decided last minute like I can't throw
it away so I pulled it out and I kept it
still so that still resides in the
sneaker room just cut him in the corner
right now but still I had to keep it was
just a fun fun time in a fun moment so
backing up a little bits if you guys
didn't know the secret santa was
basically two years ago in d23 3179 or
five I don't even know what the hell
Nate indeed I don't even remember 375 I
haven't seen indeed post a video with so
goddamn long it's just ridiculous so
everybody should go over to indeeds
channel and leave him a comment or his
Twitter and say do something but but he
was hosting this thing and he reached
out to a bunch of youtubers and said
we're gonna do a gift exchange for
Christmas time and so we got everybody's
like addresses and he kind of was a
central hub we everybody kind of shipped
him whatever items I think that's at
work we got regardless if we shifted to
him where we shifted to the individual
um he was kind of controlling like who
picked who and kind of randomly selected
all that stuff and so I didn't type it I
had picked somebody that year as well
and it was just a random youtuber in
fact I don't think paperboy I don't
think uh I don't think he actually has a
YouTube channel anymore he didn't at the
time that's why it was really confusing
for me because I chose him and he didn't
have like his channel got shut down or
acquitted or something like that anyway
you don't want to pick my channel and so
he wrote a nice note and like gave me a
pair of sneakers and I think most people
were going into this into this assuming
they were going to just exchanged a
t-shirt or something like that so it was
crazy that I was like he gave a pair of
sneakers and stuff for the giveaway it
was really a nice gesture and I'll just
kind of show you them as I talk
here but but really a really cool dude
and really cool gesture and shout out to
Nate and UNT 44 made for hosting the the
show and basically have no energy for
the gift man just really really dope I
were these actually you can see a little
bit I where there's like a handful of
times not a lot I were these actually
that Christmas Day because I was like
this is such a fun like Christmas
present I where I'm Christmas Day and
yeah so I of course I kept him some
people probably thought I sell them or
something like that but of course I kept
them but it segues its egg makes me
segue to the next thing is are we doing
a secret santa exchange for this year I
know it's getting closer it's not even
Halloween yet but I want to throw it out
there and see if it's if it's an option
for people and everybody should reach
out to Nate and yo auntie and just ask
them and like dudes are we going to do a
secret santa this year we did when I
think we did one last year can't
remember oh yeah we did because Philly
got soul hooked me up with the Blazer
Jersey and Lillard Juicery I mean and
Oregon State beaver Jersey actually have
have the jersey right here still I'm
gonna wear this to work on friday
because we're doing like a things to
shout out to philly 24 for hooking me up
with insane like like present here from
from last year so i don't know man I've
got really lucky with people that hooked
hooked me up but some but anyway so I
just wanted to throw it out there we
should all reach out to Nate or somebody
and see what's going to happen with this
year's gift exchange or if somebody
wants to pick up the torch if Nate's not
interested in doing that we should
probably do it it'd be fun it's a fun
way to to interact across YouTube
channels and i'm down to to participate
so just wanted to bring this throwback
Thursday out there for you guys
hopefully you guys I know the sneakers
are like they're not super super crazy
anything but it's an awesome gift and
and I really really liked the concept of
what we are doing and yeah that's pretty
much it hopefully you guys like the
video and check out I think UOIT i'll
put you at ease channel in the
description if you guys want to check
out the aunties and Nate's channel as
well so you guys can check out Nate's
channel even though I don't know if he's
active because I haven't seen anything
from him forever but that's all we got
thank you guys for the time have a go
catch you guys later peace